[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_generating-a-subnet-boot-disk-by-using-cli.adoc

= Generating a subnet boot disk by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Generate a boot ISO not associated with a specific host that chain loads the installer from TFTP {SmartProxy} for a subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a boot ISO not associated with a specific host that chainloads the installer from TFTP {SmartProxy} for a subnet.
```
